Structured Prompt:
"Please extract and validate the information from the image of a document based on the following criteria:

1. Document Name Validation
The image must contain the title or document name such as "Corporate Certificate License".
Ensure the document layout follows a standard format, including title positioning, layout, and font style.
Extract the document title if present.
2. Watermark and Stamp Verification
Check for a specific watermark or stamp, and ensure it matches the required color (e.g., blue or red).
Extract information about the presence, position, and color of the watermark or stamp.
Validate its location and consistency with official documents.
3. Expiry Date Check
Extract the expiry date of the document.
Validate that the document is not expired by comparing the expiry date with the current date.
If the document is expired, flag it as invalid.
4. License Number Extraction
Extract the license number from the document.
Ensure it follows the correct format for a valid license number (e.g., 9-digit format).
5. Email and Phone Number Extraction
Extract the email address and phone number from the document.
Ensure the email format (e.g., user@example.com) and phone number (e.g., +1-234-567-890) are valid.
6. Negative Case Handling
If the document appears to be manually written, generated artificially, or does not follow the layout and formatting expected of an official document, flag it as invalid.
For example, if a user has created a fake document by writing all the necessary information on a plain sheet, look for the absence of the correct watermark, inconsistent fonts, or incorrect document layout.
Include a check for common formatting errors (like unusual font usage, lack of specific document design elements, etc.) that would indicate it is not an official document.
Output the extracted information in the following JSON format:"

{
  "document_title": "Corporate Certificate License",
  "watermark": {
    "present": true,
    "color": "blue",
    "location": "bottom-right"
  },
  "expiry_date": "2026-05-30",
  "is_expired": false,
  "license_number": "123456789",
  "email": "owner@example.com",
  "phone_number": "+1-234-567-890",
  "validity_status": "valid"
}


Handling Negative Cases (in the same prompt):
Yes, you can handle negative cases directly in the same prompt. Here's how it can be done:

Include checks for inconsistencies in layout, such as:
Incorrect positioning of the title or absence of standard formatting.
Missing watermark or a different font type or style for important information like the license number or expiry date.
Check for anomalies, like whether the document looks handwritten or the information seems to be manually entered rather than an official printed document.
You can flag such documents as "invalid" if any inconsistencies are detected.
How to Handle Fake Documents:
Look for official layout patterns, such as specific fonts, placements, watermarks, and seals that are often found in valid documents.
If all required fields are present but don’t match the design/format of the official document, consider the document invalid.
Prompt for Negative Case Handling:
"If the uploaded image contains all required details but appears to be a manually created document without the official layout, stamp, or watermark, mark the document as invalid and provide the reason in the JSON output."
